[Frontend] Enable Jax dynamic API and use `abstracted_axes` in qjit (#366)
PennyLaneAI/catalyst: doc/changelog.md

  load quantum devices dynamically.
  [(#343)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/catalyst/pull/343)

> * Jax dynamic API is enabled and the intial support for dynamically-shaped arrays is added.
>   Catalyst now accepts tensors whose dimensions are not known at the compile time in the top-level
>   programs. Standard tensor initialisation functions `jax.numpy.ones/zeros/empty` now accept
>   variables in shapes. Support for dynamic arrays in control-flow primitives is yet to be done.
>   [(#366)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/catalyst/pull/366)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Support for dynamically-shaped arrays has been added.
  [(#366)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/catalyst/pull/366)

  Catalyst now accepts tensors whose dimensions are not known at compile time.
  Standard tensor initialisation functions `jax.numpy.ones`, `jnp.zeros`, and
  `jnp.empty`, now accept dynamic variables (where the value is only known at
  runtime). Note that support for dynamic arrays in control-flow primitives
  is not yet supported and still a work-in-progress.
```

slightly re-worded to avoid burying the lede :)

  ``` python
  @qjit

>   def func(size:int):
>       return jax.numpy.ones([size,size], dtype=float)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  def func(size: int):
      return jax.numpy.ones([size, size], dtype=float)
```
